How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Using FC (File Compare) was much like using Tortoise SVN in that it
1.  saved a hugh amount of time looking at each line for a possible different
2.  saved bouncing back and forth between the two files
3.  made the differences stand out for fairly easy identification

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer?

1.  The best way is time.  Less time hunting down and tracking what has changed gives the program much 
more time to do what they want to do which is write code.
2.  Even with this big time saver, seeing the amount and kinds of errors made in code will make the 
programmer more consciencious about writing good code from the start to avoid even the quick diffs 
required to fix the code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in 
Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like in Google docs?

The pros are:
1.  saving when it seems appropriate
2.  versions are more complete
3.  versions won't be created in middle of typing a line of code

The cons are:
1.  might forget to version and lose code
2.  changes might be so big that can't easily read through them

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is more geared towards programming and development where more than one file ties together to form a change.
The other version control systems, like Google docs, are geared more towards a word doc or text doc or image where a single file is the entire "project" or focus.  another file typically means a new project or focus that does not relate to the other file that was commited.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows the different versions with their ids, comments, date, and user.  From the is information
the version id can be used in git diff to see the changes between versions
Git diff will show the differences between two different versions by version id

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Because if a bug is introduced, it can be identified through the diff and log process.  Though it is a big pain 
in the buttocks.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

For version control.

