

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

The staging area is different from the repository because the files added to the staging area are not yet committed.  Files in the repository have been committed.  So, in this, they are different.

The staging area and the working directory.  The working directory is there the files physically reside.  The staging area can hold one or more of the files that will be then passed to the repository.  The staging area also has dealings with the repository, the working directory does not.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Individual files are added to the staging area, so initially,  the files commited can be controlled with only a single file added if desired.
Next, typing "git diff" allows for viewing of the code in the files that are added so that changes can be verified before adding them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

Branching would be helpful when trying something new or programming something that could easily mess up code beyond easy fixing. 

Branching would help because any changes made would not affect the main branch of the code. If one is wanting to be able to show another developer how their code works, but still want to keep working.  Branching would separate the "experimental" code from the working code.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagram helps show a simple graphic representation of a confusing flat git log.  It also helps to see the detached checkouts in the log which are lost if not added to a branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

The result was that the changes made in the coin branch were added to the changes in the master branch to form a single branch called master.  
I think we represent the diagram of the branches the way we did to show the commits attached to each branch and to identify orphaned commits that we might want to make a branch for.

